Agentic AI Summit recap: Embracing AI transformation enterprise-wide | UiPath Missed DevCon Online? Catch up now Explore Explore Explore Agentic AI See how AI and automation combine to create powerful autonomous agents. What is RPA Discover the essentials of RPA, the automation software to end repetitive tasks. UiPath.ai Go behind the scenes into our technology, meet our world-class scientists, and learn about our cutting-edge AI research. Agentic Agentic AI Agentic automation Agentic testing AI agents AI and RPA Generative AI Specialized AI Enterprise AI AI Assistant Robotic What is RPA SAP automation AI automation Web automation Desktop automation Email automation No-code automation Intelligent automation Test automation UiPath 2025 Agentic AI Research Report Preparing for the era of agentic AI: how AI agents, automation, and people are transforming the enterprise. Download now Platform Platform Agentic Automation Discover the place where agents think, robots do, and people lead. Agentic Testing Explore agentic testing for the enterprise Explore the Platform View all products Pricing Support Agentic Automation Agentic Automation Discover the place where agents think, robots do, and people lead. Processes Model and orchestrate agents, robots, and people end-to-end Agentic orchestration Business process management (BPM) Process intelligence Workflows Plan, build, and deploy automated workflows Agentic & robotic workflows Human-in-the-loop Agent evaluation Activities Empower agents and robots with AI, API, and rules-based tools Agentic activities RPA & API Forms & apps Intelligent Document Processing (IDP) Foundation: Orchestrate with security, governance, and trust Join CEO Daniel Dines to meet the reimagined UiPath Platform™ for agentic automation Watch the launch Agentic Testing Agentic Testing Explore agentic testing for the enterprise Topics Unlock comprehensive testing for enterprises Enterprise applications Integrations SAP testing Test automation Products Take your testing to the next level with agentic testing Test Cloud Agent Builder for testers Autopilot™ for testers Explore agentic testing solutions for your enterprise Agentic testing is here. Catch all the buzz from our recent launch at the Agentic AI Summit. Watch the launch Solutions Solutions Solutions Agentic use cases Watch agentic automation use case videos and demos Webinars Learn best practices from industry experts. Customer stories Gather insight, read success stories, and more. By industry Banking & financial services Healthcare Insurance Public sector Manufacturing All industries By department Supply chain Finance & accounting HR QA / Testing Contact center All departments By technology Specialized agents Peak.ai LangChain Microsoft SAP Agentic testing Technology solutions overview Agentic AI Summit recap: Embracing AI transformation enterprise-wide Read the blog Resources Resources Resources Academy Learn the skills of the future with free online automation training. Documentation Explore product documentation and guides. Blog Get up close and personal with our people and products. Become an Expert Academy Academic Alliance Digital Credentials Certifications Customer Stories Events and webinars Demos and videos White papers Analyst reports See all resources Attend an event UiPath FUSION Agentic AI Summit UiPath FORWARD UiPath Live UiPath on Tour UiPath DevCon See all events Get Support Customer support Customer Portal Documentation Community Forum Marketplace Professional services Find a partner AgentPath The developer’s path to agentic automation. Learn more About About About About us Learn about our company’s mission and vision. UiPath Partner Network Work with a partner to help your company reach new heights of automation. Company About us Careers Newsroom UiPath using UiPath Our Impact Investor Relations Trust & security Partners UiPath Partner Network Find a partner Become a partner Grow as a partner Business Partner Portal Technology Partner Portal AI breakthroughs. Groundbreaking research. Leading AI researchers. Visit UiPath.ai Search All uipath.com Forum Docs Close Contact us Sign in Try UiPath Free UiPath Blog UiPath Blog Automation Digital Transformation AI Industry Solutions Product RPA More Community Blog Resource Center Newsroom Subscribe Blog Artificial Intelligence Agentic AI Summit recap: Embracing AI transformation enterprise-wide Agentic AI Summit recap: Embracing AI transformation enterprise-wide by Graham Sheldon • March 27, 2025 Businesses are done playing with AI. They are getting real results with agentic automation. The most forward-thinking enterprises are orchestrating AI agents, deterministic robots, and people into impactful, end-to-end workflows. At our recent Agentic AI Summit, we showcased how UiPath customers are building autonomous enterprise agents to drive transformational value and change the way we work. One of the best examples came from Emily Krohne, Enterprise Automation Principal at WEX, the global payments company. After leading a three-year transformation with UiPath, Emily is driving an agentic automation program to enhance sales team preparation and streamline document processing. Check out my full interview as part of the Agentic AI Summit Keynote here . In this recap, I’ll share the most compelling stories and announcements from the UiPath Agentic AI Summit: UiPath Agent Builder: how to build, test, and deploy specialized enterprise agents Enterprises want to use AI agents but need to ensure accurate, consistent, and trustworthy results. Yet, they lack the tools to build, test, and deploy these agents alongside robots and people. Organizations seek to create AI agents and orchestrate their activity in complex workflows—with robots for routine, deterministic tasks and people for critical decisions. They also require ways to customize, inspect, and refine agent behavior to increase their accuracy over time. At the Summit, we showed how UiPath helps customers develop specialized enterprise agents. UiPath Senior Product Manager Zach Eslami announced the April 30 global launch of UiPath Agent Builder . Agent Builder is a unified tool for building, testing, and deploying AI agents. It supports both pro-code and low-code users, offering simple natural language agent creation, prebuilt templates, memory and business context, as well as evaluation tools. Agent Builder creates specialized AI agents that work seamlessly across systems and ecosystems in governed, orchestrated workflows. Let’s see Agent Builder in action! Imagine you’re a financial services provider seeking to build an AI agent for your loan origination and approval process. Agent Builder allows you to create the agent by selecting a model, providing instructions in the form of prompts, and giving the agent a set of useful tools. It also makes it easy to give your agents relevant business context and add escalation paths to ensure your team is kept in the loop. At a recent agentic hackathon, WEX developers used Agent Builder, UiPath Autopilot™, and our agentic orchestration capabilities to address several business challenges. In code management, WEX built a new agent, GitHub Manager, which is estimated to save 6,000 work hours annually. For claims processing, a claims review agent now cuts review time from hours to mere seconds. Lastly, a multi-agent fraud detection system helps WEX streamline investigations, making their fraud prevention process more proactive and adaptable.  Sign up for the UiPath Insider Program to be the first to try Agent Builder. Agentic orchestration: enabling multi-agent collaboration with robots and people Businesses are increasingly adopting AI and automation tools, including AI agents, to optimize processes. However, the growing complexity of business operations—driven by a mix of siloed capabilities licensed from multiple vendors—creates challenges in process management, security, and governance. Agentic orchestration addresses this by seamlessly integrating agentic, robotic, and human-centric workflows with the systems and applications necessary for process execution. It transforms disconnected automated tasks into cohesive, end-to-end processes, enabling businesses to scale AI effectively while maintaining visibility and control. The UiPath Platform™ is an agentic orchestration leader; at the Summit, our Vice President of Product Management Arun Mehta demonstrated this with the reveal of UiPath Maestro . Now in public preview, Maestro empowers customers to orchestrate work with an ecosystem-agnostic approach. That means that, irrespective of which platform the agents or automations were built on, or which AI models they are using, every business can now model, operate, and optimize its processes with a well-tuned symphony involving multiple agents and robots—as well as people always in the loop as the leaders, coordinators, and ultimate decision makers. In the example below, Maestro orchestrates an end-to-end invoice process. See how Maestro coordinates the entire workflow, seamlessly handing off work between robots, people, and a purchase order matching agent to rapidly fulfill the request: Our customers are eager to run cross-ecosystem agentic automations with Maestro. Hannes Hudd, Manager, Business Process Automation Development at Wärtsilä, a global manufacturer of marine and energy solutions, said: Agentic orchestration is where business processes and flows come together with people, automation, and AI. The products capabilities and the rapid development pace achieved by UiPath are truly impressive! The future vision for agentic orchestration is exceptionally promising, and we are excited to see its full potential realized. Hannes Hudd, Manager, Business Process Automation Development at Wärtsilä UiPath Maestro is now available for all UiPath Automation Cloud™ customers to try ahead of its April 30 release. If you are not already a customer, you can try Automation Cloud for free —with UiPath Maestro included. IXP: transform complex documents into actionable data at speed and scale Technology analyst firm IDC has reported that 90% of data generated in an enterprise is unstructured—most often locked away in complex documents ranging from patient notes to purchase orders. This valuable context is essential for AI agents to perform at the required level of autonomy, and enterprises will need to leverage advanced intelligent document processing (IDP) capabilities to unlock this data and make it actionable.   Mark Geene, UiPath SVP & General Manager of AI Products, showed how we are supporting businesses and AI agents with our best-in-class IDP solution. He announced the April release of our new product, UiPath IXP (Intelligent Xtraction and Processing) . IXP is a major leap for UiPath IDP, leveraging AI advances that enable rapid multimodal data extraction. It provides an intuitive, prompt-based experience that eliminates the need for extensive data labeling, cutting time to production. UiPath IXP extracts the information you need from all document types, empowering you to automate more of your existing processes.  Automation engineers at WEX are already using UiPath IXP to build, test, and deploy extraction models at scale. Importing our documents to train was easy, and the predictive labeling saves us a lot of time with training. We specifically leaned into this solution because of its strong capability to recognize document types with minimal effort. Timothy Corbett, Senior Automation Engineer at WEX See how UiPath IXP drives end-to-end automation in the most complex workflows. Sign up for the private preview now . Agentic testing: the software testing revolution powered by UiPath Test Cloud Software development moves fast, but manual testing slows it down. Fortunately, agentic testing has now made it faster than ever. Equipped with AI agents, software testing teams can engage in agentic testing for supercharged productivity across the testing lifecycle. Agents are automating complex testing tasks, augmenting testers to extend, simplify, and speed up their work. To accelerate this revolution, Ingo Philipp, UiPath Senior Director of Product Management, revealed UiPath Test Cloud —the next evolution of UiPath Test Suite. UiPath Test Cloud provides a complete agentic testing platform, with resilient end-to-end test automation for modern enterprise applications, production-grade architecture and governance, and an interface catering to the needs of application testers. Users can also augment their testing with powerful agents like UiPath Autopilot™ for Testers and specialized agents built with Agent Builder. With these capabilities, teams can accelerate time to value while delivering high-quality software. Leading enterprises have already achieved great value with UiPath agentic testing. Cisco has used Autopilot for Testers to halve manual testing efforts, leading to over $1 million in projected annual savings. Financial services company State Street uses UiPath to automate the end-to-end testing of their Alpha Platform, resulting in significant time savings as compared to manual testing. You can hear more about State Street’s agentic testing vision from Brandon McCormick, State Street Global Practice Area Lead for Testing, System Performance, and Global Batch Cycle: Sign up for UiPath Test Cloud to see how agentic testing can multiply your team’s productivity. Turning agentic potential into business transformation UiPath Agentic AI Summit captured some of the early successes our customers and partners achieved with agentic automation. But we’re just getting started.   The value of agentic AI won’t be achieved with isolated AI agents. Agentic automation requires orchestration, dynamic AI, robotic precision, and human expertise to drive consistent, reliable, and transformative outcomes. The UiPath Platform gives customers the enterprise tools, agentic capabilities, and controlled agency to be leaders in this new agentic and robotic era.  Watch the UiPath Agentic AI Summit on demand to see our latest agentic capabilities in action, and join our Insider Portal to be among the first to try them out! Topics: Agentic Artificial Intelligence (AI) Events Test Suite Automation Cloud Intelligent document processing Agentic orchestration Graham Sheldon Chief Product Officer , UiPath Related articles AI June 11, 2025 AI agents took center stage at Microsoft Build AI May 20, 2025 Technical Tuesday: why orchestration matters AI May 5, 2025 Intelligent document processing: To build or to buy? Get articles from automation experts in your inbox Subscribe Get articles from automation experts in your inbox Sign up today and we will email you the newest articles every week. Thank you for subscribing! Thank you for subscribing! Each week, we will send the best automation blog posts straight to your inbox. Contact Us Sign In English English Deutsch Français Português Español 简体中文 日本語 대한민국 Platform Explore the Platform Plans and Pricing Customer support All products Action Center™ Agent Builder AI Center™ Apps Assistant Automation Hub Automation Ops Autopilot™ Communications Mining Data Service Document Understanding Insights Integration Service Marketplace Maestro Orchestrator Process Mining Robots Studio Task Mining Test Cloud Solutions & Resources Solutions By industry By process Technology solutions overview Learning Academy Academic Alliance Certifications What is RPA Support & Community Customer support Customer Portal Documentation Forum Community Blog Community events Service status Resource Center UiPath Blog Analyst reports Case studies White papers Webinars Brochures Demos and videos Events UiPath FORWARD UiPath Live Conferences UiPath DevCon See all events Partners UiPath Partner Network Find a partner Become a partner Grow as a partner Business Partner Portal Technology Partner Portal Company About us UiPath.ai Careers Careers Blog Newsroom Investor Relations Trust & security Our Impact UiPath Gift Shop UiPath Foundation Code of Conduct Report Ethical Concerns Employment Scams Let's connect Trust & security Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy View cookie settings The UiPath word mark, logos, and robots are registered trademarks owned by UiPath, Inc. and its affiliates. UiPath® is a registered trademark in the United States and several countries across the globe. See TMEP 906. © 2005-2025 UiPath. All rights reserved.